Hey, guys, what's up?
This is American, and I welcome you to an editorial on the scores on Ruby and in this story.
And we are going to be talking about one of the advantage of using function that is reusing code now
to reuse a code.
Basically, it has two advantages.
The first one is that you don't have to repeat a code and then secondly, you can use are required code
again and again anywhere in your program.
So I guess I don't need to talk about it much.
Let me just show you some examples so I will move on to my editor and let's say I have a function over
here and then this is the online for that and this is the calling card.
So, for example, I have certain lines of code over here, which I want to use again and again.
So what I want to do is that let's say I will just.
Right, and it's a.
Not all of that stuff, that is something, Beldin.
All right, so then let's say I have to b and then let's say I have Pottsy.
So let's say I just run the score and you can see that I've got a BCO here.
So let's say after this function is called, I have let's say.
What's the deal here and let's say now I have both Oesterheld and then let's say I want to call this
ABC O'Haire again, so instead of diving, puts a puts the Putsy body again or hear what I can do is
that I can simply call this function.
So basically, this is a code that is going to be repeated.
So instead of writing that code again and again, because not only it is going to waste your time,
but it is also going to waste some resources of your program.
OHAYON So you can just call this function, run this code.
And as you can see that you've got ABC then and then ABC right over here.
So this is a very big advantages, advantage of using function.
That is that you don't have to repeat a code.
And the second one was how to use the required code.
So you can just simply call a function and you can use the required code.
So when you are running extensive programs, not only the functions are going to organize your code,
but it is also going to shorten your code because a certain lines of code, which is going to be repeated
again and again, again and again, what you can do is that you can just put it in a function and then
instead of writing the whole piece of code again, you can just simply write a single line.
And that single line is basically calling that function.
So I guess that's it with this tutorial.
Thank you so much, guys, for watching.
And I'll see you guys in the next tutorial.